
Solagree Partner Terms — Trademark License Agreement
Trademark License Agreement
This Trademark License Agreement ("Agreement") is entered into by and between SOLAGREE, LLC, a North Carolina limited liability company ("Licensor"), and the individual, firm, or entity submitting a Solagree Partner Application ("Licensee"), effective as of the date Licensee accepts this Agreement as part of that application (the "Effective Date").
WHEREAS, Licensor owns and operates a business providing divorce mediation services, divorce arbitration services, and other personal services consisting of consultation in the field of divorce (the "Services") and is the sole and exclusive owner of those marks set forth on Schedule 1, whether registered or unregistered, including the listed registrations and applications and any registrations which may be granted pursuant to such applications, as relate to the Services (the "Licensed Marks");
WHEREAS, Licensor and Licensee have recognized that it would be to their mutual benefit for Licensee to make its clients aware of the Services and in appropriate situations refer its clients to Licensor, and for Licensor to grant a limited license to Licensee to use the Licensed Marks for such purpose; and
WHEREAS, Licensor now wishes to grant to Licensee said limited license on the terms and subject to the conditions set out in this Agreement.
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants, terms, and conditions set forth herein, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows:
1. License Grant
1.1 Grant. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Licensor hereby grants to Licensee during the Term a royalty-free, paid-up, non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable right and license to use the Licensed Marks in connection with promoting or advertising the Services and/or referring clients to Licensor for purposes of obtaining the Services.
1.2 Reservation of Rights. Licensor reserves all rights not expressly granted to Licensee hereunder.
2. Use of the Licensed Marks
2.1 Acknowledgment. Licensee acknowledges the high standards and reputation for quality symbolized by the Licensed Marks as of the Effective Date, and Licensee shall use the Licensed Marks in a manner substantially consistent with such quality standards and reputation.
2.2 Compliance with Licensor's Use Guidelines. Licensee shall display the Licensed Marks on or in all promotion and advertising materials in connection with all Services to the extent practicable in a form and manner substantially in compliance with Licensor's guidelines for the form and manner in which the Licensed Marks may be used under this Agreement, as set forth on Schedule 2, including any amendments or updates thereto as may be provided in writing by Licensor to Licensee from time to time, but in any event upon no less than ninety (90) days' prior notice of the effectiveness of any such amendments or updates (the "Use Guidelines").
2.3 Trademark Notices. Licensee shall comply with all marking requirements under applicable law, rule or regulation, and to the extent reasonably practicable shall display such legends and notices as may be set forth in the Use Guidelines or otherwise specified in writing by Licensor.
3. Quality Control
3.1 Generally. Licensor shall have the right to exercise quality control over Licensee's use of the Licensed Marks to the extent reasonably necessary under applicable law to maintain the validity of the Licensed Marks and protect the goodwill associated therewith. In furtherance of the foregoing, subject to Section 3.2, prior to any use of any Licensed Mark which has not previously been approved or is not substantially consistent with a previously approved use, Licensee shall deliver a representative sample of the proposed use bearing the Licensed Mark to Licensor for its approval, which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned, or delayed.
3.2 Licensor Approvals. In the event that Licensor has any objection to any practices of Licensee, Licensor shall provide written notice to Licensee of such objection in reasonable detail to facilitate cure by Licensee. Approval of any particular practices, or use of any Licensed Mark, once given by Licensor, shall continue in effect with respect to such practices, or use, and any practices or use substantially consistent therewith, without need for further approval, unless such practices, or use, is altered in any material respect that Licensor reasonably determines exceeds the scope of Licensee's rights under Section 1.1 or violates any provision of Section 2.
4. Ownership and Protection of the Mark
4.1 Acknowledgment of Ownership. Licensee acknowledges that (a) as between Licensee and Licensor, Licensor is the owner of the Licensed Marks and all goodwill related thereto, and (b) all use of the Licensed Marks hereunder and any goodwill accruing therefrom shall inure solely to the benefit of Licensor.
4.2 Enforcement. Each party shall promptly notify the other party of any actual or potential infringement, counterfeiting, or other unauthorized use of the Licensed Marks by any other person (an "Infringement") of which it becomes aware. Licensor shall have the sole right to enforce its rights in any of the Licensed Marks, including to bring action with respect to any Infringement.
5. No Royalty
Licensee shall not be required to pay any royalty, fee, or other amount in connection with this Agreement, including the license granted hereunder.
6. Indemnification
6.1 By Licensor. Licensor shall indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Licensee and its affiliates, officers, directors, employees, agents, sublicensees, successors, and assigns (each, a "Licensee Indemnified Party") from and against all losses, damages, liabilities, deficiencies, claims, actions, judgments, settlements, interest, awards, penalties, fines, costs, or expenses of whatever kind, including reasonable attorneys' fees and the cost of enforcing any right to indemnification hereunder and the cost of pursuing any insurance providers ("Losses") arising out of or in connection with any third-party claim, suit, action, or proceeding ("Third-Party Claim") relating to any actual or alleged breach by Licensor of any representation, warranty, covenant, or obligation under this Agreement.
6.2 By Licensee. Licensee shall indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Licensor and its affiliates, officers, directors, employees, agents, successors, and assigns (each, a "Licensor Indemnified Party") from and against all Losses arising out of or in connection with any Third-Party Claim relating to any actual or alleged breach by Licensee of any representation, warranty, covenant, or obligation under this Agreement.
7. Limitation of Liability
TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, NEITHER PARTY SHALL BE LIABLE TO THE OTHER PARTY FOR ANY CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT, EXEMPLARY, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE, OR ENHANCED DAMAGES, OR FOR ANY LOSS OF ACTUAL OR ANTICIPATED PROFITS (REGARDLESS OF HOW CLASSIFIED AS DAMAGES), WHETHER ARISING OUT OF BREACH OF CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), OR OTHERWISE, REGARDLESS OF WHETHER SUCH DAMAGE WAS FORESEEABLE AND WHETHER EITHER PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. THE FOREGOING LIMITATIONS SHALL NOT APPLY TO A PARTY'S INDEMNIFICATION OBLIGATIONS UNDER SECTION 6.
8. Term and Termination
8.1 Term. The term of this Agreement shall commence as of the Effective Date and continue until terminated in accordance with Section 8.2 (the "Term").
8.2 Termination.
(a) Either party may terminate this Agreement at any time without cause, and without incurring any additional obligation, liability, or penalty, by providing at least sixty (60) days' prior written notice to the other party.
(b) Either party may terminate this Agreement on written notice to the other party if the other party materially breaches this Agreement and fails to cure such breach within fifteen (15) days after receiving written notice thereof.
8.3 Effect of Termination. Upon the termination of this Agreement:
(a) Licensee shall cease all use of the Licensed Marks.
(b) Neither party shall be liable to the other party for damages of any kind solely as a result of terminating this Agreement in accordance with Section 8.2.
8.4 Survival. Any right, obligation, or required performance of the parties in this Agreement which, by its express terms or nature and context is intended to survive termination or expiration of this Agreement, will survive any such termination.
9. Assignment
Licensee shall not assign or otherwise transfer this Agreement, or any right or obligation hereunder, without Licensor's prior written consent.
10. Miscellaneous
10.1 Further Assurances. Each party shall, upon the reasonable request of the other party, and, except as otherwise expressly set forth herein, at such other party's sole expense, promptly execute such documents and perform such acts as may be necessary to give full effect to the terms of this Agreement.
10.2 Headings. The headings in this Agreement are for reference only and will not affect the interpretation of this Agreement.
10.3 Entire Agreement. This Agreement, together with all Schedules and Exhibits hereto and any other documents incorporated herein by reference, constitutes the sole and entire agreement of the parties to this Agreement with respect to the subject matter contained herein, and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous understandings and agreements, both written and oral, with respect to such subject matter.
10.4 No Third-Party Beneficiaries. Except as expressly set forth in Section 6 with respect to Indemnified Parties, this Agreement is for the sole benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns, and nothing herein, express or implied, is intended to or will confer upon any other person any legal or equitable right, benefit, or remedy of any nature whatsoever, under or by reason of this Agreement.
10.5 Amendment and Modification; Waiver. This Agreement may only be amended, modified, or supplemented by an agreement in writing signed by each party hereto. No waiver by either party of any of the provisions hereof will be effective unless explicitly set forth in writing and signed by the waiving party. Except as otherwise set forth in this Agreement, no failure to exercise, or delay in exercising, any rights, remedy, power, or privilege arising from this Agreement will operate or be construed as a waiver thereof; nor will any single or partial exercise of any right, remedy, power, or privilege hereunder preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, remedy, power, or privilege.
10.6 Severability. If any term or provision of this Agreement is invalid, illegal, or unenforceable in any jurisdiction, such invalidity, illegality, or unenforceability will not affect any other term or provision of this Agreement or invalidate or render unenforceable such term or provision in any other jurisdiction. Upon a determination that any term or other provision is invalid, illegal, or unenforceable, the parties hereto shall negotiate in good faith to modify this Agreement so as to effect the original intent of the parties as closely as possible in a mutually acceptable manner in order that the transactions contemplated hereby be consummated as originally contemplated to the fullest extent permitted under applicable law.
10.7 Governing Law. This Agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws of the State of North Carolina without giving effect to any choice or conflict of law provision or rule that would cause the application of laws of any other jurisdiction.
10.8 Equitable Relief. Each party acknowledges that a breach by the other party may cause the non-breaching party irreparable harm, for which an award of damages would not be adequate compensation and agrees that, in the event of such a breach or threatened breach, the non-breaching party will be entitled to seek equitable relief, including in the form of orders for preliminary or permanent injunction, specific performance, and any other relief that may be available from any court, and the parties hereby waive any requirement for the securing or posting of any bond or the showing of actual monetary damages in connection with such relief. These remedies will not be deemed to be exclusive but are in addition to all other remedies available under this Agreement at law or in equity, subject to any express limitations in this Agreement to the contrary.
10.9 Acceptance; Electronic Agreement. Licensee accepts and agrees to be bound by this Agreement by submitting a Solagree Partner Application and affirmatively indicating agreement (e.g., by checkbox or electronic signature) at the time of application. Licensee's electronic acceptance constitutes execution of this Agreement and has the same legal effect as a handwritten signature, and no separate signature page is required. A record of Licensee's acceptance (including the date and time) delivered or retained electronically will be deemed to have the same legal effect as delivery of an original signed copy of this Agreement.
Schedule 1 — Licensed Marks
Image	Mark	Reg. No.	Reg. Date
SOLAGREE	SOLAGREE (standard character mark)	U.S. Reg. No. 7968657	September 30, 2025
	SOLAGREE LOGO (design)	N/A	N/A
Schedule 2 — Use Guidelines
1. No Alteration. Do not alter or distort the Licensed Marks in any way. For example, do not (i) change the spelling, (ii) deviate from preferred colors (if any), (iii) shorten, abbreviate, or create acronyms from the mark, (iv) add or remove any punctuation, words or design elements, or (v) split, hyphenate, or combine words.
2. Trademark Notice. The appropriate trademark notice symbol should appear in superscript immediately following the Licensed Mark, as follows: (i) the ® symbol should follow the Licensed Mark if it is registered with the USPTO for the specific products or services for which it is being used, and (ii) the ™ (for marks used to identify products) or ℠ (for marks used to identify services) should follow the Licensed Mark if it is not registered with the USPTO for the specific products or services for which it is being used. It is not necessary to use the symbol every time a Licensed Mark appears; at a minimum, the symbol should be used at least once in each piece of printed material or each Internet webpage, preferably at the first or most prominent place where the Licensed Mark appears.
3. Logo. For any design mark that is a Licensed Mark, the mark should be presented in an appropriate size based on design clarity, legibility and aesthetic appeal. The overall proportions of the logo may not be altered or skewed in any way.
